Previously on...
George paid for what he did
to your father.
Bree confessed...
Did you give Zach money
to go to Utah?
Susan betrayed Mike...
What kind of friend is he?
The real good kind.
Andrew pushed the boundaries...
Zach's come home.
Is there anything I can do?
Paul put his foot down...
You can leave us alone.
So when do I tell people
you'll be back?
Couple, maybe three days.
And a stranger
finally caught up with Caleb.
Kisses are such simple things,
we hardly notice them.
But if we paid more attention,
we'd see that each kiss
conveys a meaning all its own.
For example, some can say,
"I'm so happy to see you."
Or, "I didn't realize
you'dbe here."
Bye.
Or, "honey,
it's time to stop drinking."
The trick is in knowing
how to tell the difference.
So I finally said,
if I'm head cheerleader,
then nobody wears panties.
Yeah!
I just want you to know
as a former member
of my high school marching band,
I would've appreciated that.
Wait a second, you were a band
geek? Oh, I don't believe it.
What did you play? He
played the tuba. I have pictures.
The tuba, huh?
Yeah, go ahead, come on, come
on, get your licks in, go ahead.
No, no, not at all.
As a matter of fact,
all of my secret crushes
were on the band geeks.
Come on,
I know you cheerleader types.
You wouldn't have said "boo"
to guys like me.
No, you were more interested
in the guys like... like this.
Now, I take it
you didn't play the tuba.
No, I didn't.
All I know is, I was a lonely,
insecure tuba player.
Girls like Gabrielle would just
rip my heart out.
Aw.
I didn't even had my first kiss
until I was 18.
18? Pathetic, I know.
Poor baby.
I would've kissed you.
No, you wouldn't have.
Yes, I would have.
And it's okay, Gaby.
Those scars healed
a long time ago.
Oh, for god sakes, come here.
Now on behalf of all
the cheerleaders in the world,
forgive us.
Oh, yeah! Whoo!
Yes, kisses mean different
things to different people.
Ultimately, the meaning depends
on the one who does
the kissing...
Wowie.
Cheers.
And the who sees it happen.
After every party
comes the time for cleaning.
We attend to the champagne
that was spilled,
the knickknacks that got broken,
the food that went uneaten.
Oh, here, let me take that.
And whatever other messes
need cleaning up.
So, uh, Gaby...
You know that thing
you and Tom did tonight?
The... the kiss?
Was that hysterical?
The look on Tom's face!
Yeah.
I know this sounds silly, but...
It kind of bugged me.
You're not serious.
Yeah, I am.
I don't... I don't want to make
a big deal out of it, but, uh,
could you maybe
not do that again?
Okay.
Thanks.
Hey, what happened to
the applewhites?
I thought you were
gonna invite them.
I did. Betty never r.S.V.P.'D.
What do you guys think
about the applewhites?
I like 'em, very nice. Very...
Interesting.
Right, interesting.
Hmm, they weird me out, too.
Well, that's not
what we're saying.
Not exactly, anyway.
You know,
we were just having fun,
entertaining the crowd.
Oh, sure, but...
But maybe next time
you could try juggling instead.
What's going on? Nothing.
Really?
I sense a little tension.
No, no tension.
What?
You make it sound like...
I was making a pass
at your husband.
And that's just
a little bit insulting.
I just said it bugged me.
Why is that a problem?
Is this about that kiss?
What kiss?
Oh, you were in the living room.
Gaby planted a big, wet kiss
on Tom... as a joke.
It was hilarious.
You see?
Yeah, but to be fair
to Lynette, you are an ex-model.
And surely it must have
dawned on you that some women
might prefer it if you didn't kiss
their husbands. That's all I'm saying.
Oh, you guys, we're all friends.
This isn't something
to get worked up over.
I'm not worked up.
Me neither.
Hey, everyone, did you see what
Kathy Lewis was wearing tonight?
And whoever told her
that she could get away
with those vertical stripes
should be shot.
Oh. Bye, sweetie.
Uh...
Oh!
Zach is back!
Yeah, yeah, I know.
You do?
Yeah, he's been back
for a couple of days now.
Well, that's great,
isn't it? Yeah.
I thought
you'd be happy about it.
that's what you wanted.
I was hoping
that I'd slowly establish
a relationship with Zach
and then when we were
comfortable,
I'd tell him I was his real dad.
But now Paul's back.
And he doesn't want you
anywhere near him.
He's threatened
to tell the police
everything that happened
in the desert...
That I held a gun to his head.
Well, it's your word
against his.
But he doesn't have
a record, and I do.
You know, despite what I did...
Sending Zach away,
I want you two to connect.
I hope you know that.
I do.
And on the bright side,
I don't have to wonder
where he is anymore.
It says that you can do
a report on anything
from the suggested reading list,
which includes
"the old man and the sea,"
"the Pearl,"
"much ado about nothing."
Hmm. That sounds good.
What do you like?
I don't care.
Let's start with "the Pearl."
It's got a sad ending, but it's
good. We'll start with that.
You know,
it's not gonna be so bad.
I think you're really gonna like
being homeschooled.
Okay, I know this isn't
what you want.
But I need to keep you
close to me
just for a while.
There are people
in this neighborhood
who aren't thrilled
that we're back.
People I don't trust.
People like... Mike Delfino?
Why would you say that?
When you disappeared,
Mrs. Tillman said that Mike
took you somewhere to kill you.
That's ridiculous.
Why would Mike wanna kill me?
Because you murdered Mrs. Huber?
What did you say?
Well, Mrs. Tillman said that
you murdered Mrs. Huber
because she was
blackmailing mom.
And you believed her?
No, not exactly.
I mean, why? Should I?
Zach, you know me
better than anyone.
Do you honestly believe
that I am capable of murder?
No.
All right, then.
Of course...
I didn't think mom was capable
of suicide, either.
On second thought,
why don't we start with
"much ado about nothing"?
I think we could use
a few laughs around here.
Yeah, man...
Yeah, he sure is. I just...
Probably. Yeah.
Hey.
Get over here.
Now.
Somebody's angry.
Did one of your soufflés fall?
I saw what you did
with your friend.
Oh, and you didn't turn into
a pillar of salt. Good for you.
This is not a joke, Andrew.
What if the neighbors
had seen you?
Well, I'd hope they'd think
that I'd landed a hottie.
I may not be able to control
what you do outside
of this home,
but while
you are under this roof,
you will not mock my values.
If you so much
as smile at that boy,
so help me, I will ship you off
to camp hennessey
and I will not pick you up
again until you are 18.
Do I make myself clear?
Aren't you forgetting something?
I know you like to knock
a few back before bedtime.
Go on, take it. It's okay.
We both know
that of the two of us,
I'm the one that doesn't judge.
Please. I don't wanna
stay down here.
I-I know.
I'm sorry, k.
I'm sorry.
Matthew, I think we might
have termites.
You need to take
a look at those steps
before one of us
breaks our neck.
What's the matter?
Is your brother okay?
No, he's not.
He hates it down here.
He wants to be with us.
You're being cruel.
If you are so concerned
about him,
you should spend less time
on your computer
and more time down here
keeping him company.
We're bringing him up,
but not until I am sure
that it's safe.
♪ there's been
a load of compromising ♪
♪ On the road to my horizon ♪
Hey, you!
♪ Like a rhinestone cowboy ♪
Yeah?
What's the deal?
You've been parked on our street
for two hours.
Oh, I'm doing
a property appraisal.
Some neighbors of yours
are thinking about moving.
The applewhites?
I'm not really allowed to say.
I sold them that house.
You know, this is my turf!
Who do you work for?
Geist realty?
Ah, westside properties.
Yeah, well, whoever it is,
you go back
and you tell your bosses
that nobody, and I mean, nobody,
buys or sells properties
in this neighborhood
without going through
Edie britt, you got that?
Look, lady, I just go
where I'm told.
You look, you cross me,
and I will be
your worst nightmare.
I'm a dangerous woman.
You don't wanna mess with me.
You got it.
Ms. Mayer?
Zach. May I talk to you?
I have some things
that I need to say.
Okay.
I-I know that I did
a lot of bad stuff...
Stuff that I'm not gonna
be able to take back.
Ms. Mayer,
I'm... I'm really sorry.
But when I was living
on the streets, you know,
I had a lot of time to...
To just sit and think to myself
and clear my head and...
I've grown up, you know?
I don't want you to worry.
I'm not gonna be
bothering you anymore.
Either of you.
Well, thanks.
We appreciate that.
Please don't tell my dad
that I talked to you.
He's just... he's been really...
Intense lately.
Well, what do you think?
He seems different.
I believe him.
Yeah, I can't believe
I'm about to say this,
but I feel sorry for him.
It's like he's so fragile.
I know, and he's locked in that
house with Mr. Creepy 24/7.
Did you know that he's
homeschooling Zach now?
I think he should
spend some time
with a decent role model,
don't you?
Hi!
Hey, you're out early.
Oh, I just wanted to pick up
some fresh croissants
for breakfast.
Oh, cool. Listen,
I just wanted you to know
I appreciated you
backing me up last night,
you know, with the kiss thing.
To be honest, I don't think
I would've liked it, either.
Yeah, but I probably
should've just gone with it.
Gaby was just being Gaby...
Having fun.
No, I wouldn't be so hard
on yourself, given her history.
What do you mean?
You know, the affair.
Gaby had an affair?
You didn't know? No!
I thought everybody knew.
Oh, I feel awful.
Oh, ida Greenberg's behind you.
Ida, just a second.
I am stunned. Who was it with?
I shouldn't have said anything.
Bree, come on, just tell me.
Her gardener.
Oh, you're kidding!
No, no, not him.
Helen rowland's son, John.
The teenager?
Ida, wait, or go around!
Does Gaby know that you know?
Absolutely not.
I think the best thing to do
is just smile and pretend
you don't know anything.
Huh.
Hi.
Oh, sorry!
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm all right. What's up?
We have an idea how to bring
you and Zach together.
Bowling. Bowling?
Yeah, I e-mailed Zach,
and he said he's gonna meet
us there. You can come, too.
Does Paul know about this?
No, and we're not planning
on telling him.
I don't think
that's a good idea, Susan.
Mike, I'm part of the reason
things got so screwed up.
I just want a chance
to make things right.
And you're okay with this...
Being around Zach?
We talked to him. He's changed.
Well, I guess
we're going bowling.
Wake up, sleepyhead.
I brought fresh croissants
for breakfast!
Uh, hi, Mrs. Van De Kamp.
I'm Justin,
Andrew's lab partner...
From school.
Dude, wake up.
Andrew...
I want you downstairs... Now.
Okay, first of all, I want you
to march back upstairs
and tell your friend he is
no longer welcome in this house.
But we haven't even had
breakfast yet! I am serious, Andrew.
You tell him
to get out of here this second
or I will call the police, and I will have
him removed! Well, go ahead, call 'em.
Oh, you think I won't?
I just wonder how they'll react
when they find out that
you killed George Williams.
I didn't kill George.
Well, no, but you sat there
and let him die,
which, I'm no lawyer,
but I'm pretty sure
there's a crime
in there somewhere.
Andrew...
Don't get me wrong.
I mean, I'm glad you did it.
But when the cops get here,
my official position will be,
uh, "oh, my god, I'm being
raised by a homicidal maniac."
I think I might even
throw in a few tears.
You would actually
let the police
arrest your own mother?
Hey, we all gotta cut
the apron strings at some point.
Come on, penny. Let's get
those groceries in there.
Come on. Here we go.
Get this one...
And this one,
and daddy... uh-oh! Whoa!
Oh!
Oh, it looks like
you could use a hand.
Bless you. Here, Gaby.
And penny!
Oh, come here,
you sweet little thing.
Well, thank you so much, Gaby.
Come on in.
Oh, god, um, Tom?
Yeah?
Uh, I think she got sick.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Usually, she only throws up
on immediate family.
I'm honored.
Oh, um, do you mind just putting
her in the playpen there?
Hello.
Guess what? Ed loved the pitch.
I got off early!
You're kidding! That's great!
Hey, I'm right
by the supermarket.
You want me to pick up anything? Um,
actually, I just came from there.
Except, you know what?
I forgot bread.
Would you mind? Not at all.
Tom, I need to wipe up.
Do you have a towel?
Sure, hold on.
Hey!
Hey, honey.
Hey, did you get the bread?
Oh, yeah, they were out.
Of bread?
Yeah. Hey, Gaby.
A surprise seeingyouhere.
Well, I saw that Tom
was overwhelmed,
so I thought
I'd give him a hand.
Really?
Wow, that was nice of you.
Is there a problem?
No.
Really? Because I sense
that you're annoyed
you found me here when
you weren't home. Am I wrong?
Lynette?
Okay. Yeah.
So exactly what are you
doing here helping out?
Damn it, Lynette, if this
has to do with that stupid kiss
the other night,
I'm gonna lose it!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what's going on?
Lynette thinks I was hitting
on you at Bree's party.
(Laughing that's ridiculous.
I never saidthat.
What I said was
that it made me uncomfortable
when you kissed him.
It's obviously an issue for me.
And yet, here you are, alone in
my kitchen with my husband.
So you tell me,
are you hitting on him? Lynette.
I can't believe you.
I have done nothing
to deserve this kind
of mistrust.
Well, that's not entirely true.
What does that mean?
Come on, Gaby.
It's a small town. People talk.
Okay, what's going on here?
I'll tell you.
Your wife doesn't trust me
around you
because I had an affair
with my teenage gardener.
Oh.
So I know Susan Mayer
would never tell.
It must've been Helen rowland.
She probably blabbed
to all the girls at the salon.
And ida Greenberg
goes to that salon.
So if ida knows,
the whole town knows.
And we're just gonna have to
move. That's all there is to it.
Carlos, can you stop putting
for two seconds
and show me some support?
What do you expect me to do?
You brought this on yourself.
It was a harmless little kiss!
Why is everybody making
a big deal about this?
Because you had an affair
with an underage gardener.
People don't think
you're harmless.
They see you as a predator.
You're enjoying this,
aren't you?
Punishing me, dangling
the affair over my head?
Well, I won't tolerate it.
Really?
So just what are you
gonna do about it?
I'm gonna let you
even the score.
Carlos, go have an affair. What?
I had my little indiscretion.
So you go have yours.
Get it out of your system.
I know you want to. I do not.
Sure you do. Knock yourself out.
Call up an old college flame.
Rent a call girl.
Fly to Africa
and nail that little nun
you've been drooling over.
I don't care!
You're crazy.
No, I'm pragmatic.
Because once
you finish your fling,
we'll be equals again.
And then you won't
be able to judge me.
And we can go back to being
a boring, average
married couple.
Oh, just do me a favor.
Don't bring back any diseases.
Are you sure you're not
overreacting
to this whole Gabrielle thing?
Maybe.
Yes.
But Gaby doesn't think
she did anything wrong.
That's not right, either.
I guess.
You're an attractive man.
There is a primal need for
a woman to protect what is hers.
My initial impulse
was justified.
So you really think
she's into me?
I don't know.
Because you're right.
Iaman attractive man.
You know what?
I've never told you this,
but sometimes when I bend down
to pick up the morning paper,
I catch Bree Van De Kamp
checking me out.
You're kidding.
No, scout's honor.
I've always exuded
a certain sexual magnetism,
and as I get older,
I think it's only
becoming more intense.
Are you drunk?
Oh, I'm a hot guy
living in a neighborhood
filled with nothing
but lonely ladies.
Oh.
They can't help themselves.
I'm like... catnip.
Come here.
What was that for?
Thank you.
Thank you for reminding me
that I am the only woman
in the whole world
who could love anidiotlike you.
I'll talk to Gaby.
I'm telling you,
these women want me. Oh, yeah.
They see the rippling muscles
underneath this t-shirt...
Good night, Tom.
They cannot resist me.
Shut up and go to sleep.
Aah!
Son of a bitch.
You gotta be kidding me.
Whoa, whoa.
I'm here to help you, Caleb.
All right?
Mama's gon' be mad.
Don't you worry about that.
Moms love me.
All right, let's go.
No!
Okay, I'm sorry. I shouldn't
have talked to you like that.
Let's start over.
Aah!
Let's go.
I'm warning you, pinhead,
don't you make me
come down there after you.
Come on.
Come on!
All right, you asked for it.
I'm gonna beat the stupid
right out of you.
Aah!
Oh!
This hit the spot.
Caleb?
I didn't do it.
Oh, dear.
Well, hey there.
Hi, Karl. Oh!
Oh, um, quick question...
When someone discusses
a sensitive situation
with a lawyer such as yourself,
when does attorney/client
confidentiality kick in?
From the moment
the lawyer's been hired. Why?
Here's a check for $100.
That's enough
for a retainer, right?
Well, I guess.
What's going on, Bree?
My son is trying
to blackmail me.
And I want you to stop
the little s.O.B.
Do you think you could do that?
He has an Illinois license.
It says here his name is munroe.
Does that name
mean anything to you?
No, but at least
he wasn't a policeman.
Poor man.
I hope he didn't
suffer too much.
Mom, are we
looking at the same body?
What is it?
As soon as it gets dark,
we get rid of that body.
Hey.
Um...
I hope it's okay.
Carlos let me in.
Actually, I'm right
in the middle of something,
and I don't know
when I'll be done.
I'm just here to say I am sorry,
and I have been
a complete idiot.
All done.
So cute. 'Cause it's beautiful!
Is the coast clear?
Yes, it is. We worked it out.
No kidding.
How'd you manage that one?
Simple. Lynette admitted
she was wrong, and I agreed.
Well, 99% wrong.
Oh, whatever, close enough.
Anyway, Tom's probably got
dinner ready by now.
So I should get goin'.
Okay.
Good night. Bye! Mwah!
You know what the 1% is, right?
No, not really.
Does it matter?
It kinda does.
I wanna get it clear
for our friendship.
Okay.
What's the 1%?
Well, well...
Yes, I overreacted.
I think you can see
how even though
I was somewhat off base,
you were a little wrong, right?
No. I kissed Tom,
and it was a harmless joke.
I think if I had kissed
anybody else's husband,
they would've laughed
and then forgot about it
ten seconds later.
Okay, let's test that theory.
See? I don't care.
That's...
Just a waste of time...
And spit.
Oh. Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay! Okay!
I get your point.
All righty, then,
my work here is done.
Carlos, Gaby.
Go!
Not bad.
Hey, there he is.
Zach, I'm glad
you could make it.
Hey, Zach.
Mr. Delfino, I didn't know
you were gonna be here.
Yeah, I was just bowling a few
frames and ran into these guys.
I thought I might join you.
Is, uh, that okay?
Yeah, I guess.
Oh!
Okay, write that down... nine!
Wise guy.
All right, just roll it
in there nice and easy.
Sorry.
It's okay. We're still close.
Anyway,
Julie's totally gonna choke.
Just for that, I am not
bringing you back a hot dog.
Zach, do you want one?
Okay.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine, it's just...
I don't understand
what you're doing.
What do you mean?
Well, I don't understand why
you're being so nice to me.
I mean, I pointed a gun
at you guys. You should hate me.
We don't hate you, Zach.
You had an incredibly hard year.
And you shouldn't have done
what you did,
but we just wanna
help you move on.
Look, um...
When I was young,
I got mixed up
in some really bad stuff.
I even did some
time in prison. Really?
Yeah, but when I got out, people
were willing to forgive me.
Everybody deserves a
second chance. Thanks.
You know, I'm gonna go, uh,
help Julie with the food.
So you guys just keep talking
and bowling.
Talk and bowl.
Bowl and talk.
Here, let me show you something.
See the arrows
right in the middle?
Just roll it straight over
the one in the center. Okay.
You don't have to spin it
or anything.
Just right down the middle.
Look at that!
Good job.
Hurry up!
I am hurrying up, okay?
Wait, no! No! No!
What? I dropped the keys.
I don't have 'em.
They're in here!
Sometimes
you just have to laugh.
Andrew?
Would you mind
turning off your video game?
My lawyer would like
to have a little chat with you.
So even though
your mother did witness
George Williams' suicide,
there's no affirmative duty
to intervene.
Therefore,
no crime was committed.
Even if the police find out,
your mom will never see
the inside of a courtroom.
Well, maybe I got
the story wrong.
What if she went over there
to help him commit suicide?
If you wanna lie to the police,
go right ahead.
But please know
that I will sue you.
For what?
Abuse of process.
It's when a person tries
to exploit the legal system
for an improper purpose...
Like blackmail.
You guys can't sue me.
I'm just a kid.
Oh, don't worry.
I won't start garnishing
your wages until you turn 18.
Your mom...
Is she a peach or what?
If the cops don't give a damn,
I'm sure your friends will.
How does a little
public humiliation sound?
Bree, can I get
a refill on this?
What are you doing?!
Your father
was a friend of mine.
And if he were around to see
what a nasty little turd
you've turned into,
he'd knock the hell out of you.
Yeah, well,
he's not here now, is he?
No, he isn't, but if you
don't get your act together
and start treating your mother
with some respect,
I'll take care of you myself.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Good.
Hey, neighbor.
Oh, hey, Carlos.
Hi.
I just wanted to thank you for
patching things up with Gaby.
Well, sure, no problem.
It's been really tough on her...
Everybody finding out
about the affair.
Yeah, I can imagine.
I don't mind telling you,
it's, uh...
It's been pretty tough on us
the past couple months.
Oh, well, I'm not surprised,
and I really, really hope
you can work it out.
Yeah, we're trying. You know...
Mm-hmm? Yeah?
Gaby had
an interesting suggestion.
Oh?
She told me that I should go out
and have an affair of my own.
She thinks it's the only way
I'll be able to get over
what she did to me
and that it just might
help our marriage.
Why are you telling me this?
Uh...
I guess I just, uh...
Wanted to know if you had
any thoughts on the subject?
I... don't.
I really don't.
Well, if you ever do,
let me know.
By the way...
Mm-hmm?
That was one hell
of a kiss you gave me.
You can't fake
chemistry like that.
What the hell is this?
Delfino?
Uhh!
Stay away from my son!
Oh, my god!
Dad!
You okay? I'm fine.
Aah!
So I swerved
to avoid hitting his car,
and I hit this parked car
instead,
and that's when
the trunk popped open,
and when we got out, we found
this dead body and...
Are you worried now?
'Cause I am.
Not yet. Just be patient.
See what happens.
How'd it go?
Well, I told him
everything I know,
which wasn't much.
So are we thinking this is Paul?
Well, he is our friendly
neighborhood murderer.
Yeah, it seems obvious.
I don't know. I saw his face
when he looked in the trunk.
And he looked
just as shocked as I was.
I'm thinking
it's the applewhites.
I talked to the dead guy,
and he said that he was doing
an appraisal on their house.
Well, I got a little cheesed,
so I called every realtor
in town.
Nobody had even heard of him.
That doesn't mean
Betty knew him.
Please. Those two are fishy.
They bought that house
sight unseen,
and they did move in
in the middle of the night.
And there were the noises.
What noises?
Oh, a couple of weeks ago,
um, I heard some noises
coming from the basement,
like a clanging.
And I asked Betty about it.
She lied right to my face.
What's that about? I don't know.
Now I'm worried.
Julie!
Hi.
Hey.
My, uh, dad found out
about us bowling.
I'm not gonna be able
to do that anytime soon.
Oh. Sorry.
No, no, I'm glad that we did.
I haven't felt like part
of a family in a long time.
Thanks.
I, um, I better get back inside.
The act itself never varies.
But each kiss carries with it
a meaning all its own.
It can convey
a husband's eternal devotion...
Or a wife's enormous regret.
It can symbolize
a mother's growing concern...
Or a lover's growing passion.
But whatever its meaning,
each kiss...
Reflects a basic human need.
Mommy's baby.
The need to connect
to another human being.
This desire is so strong,
it'salways amazing
when some people...
Don't understand it.